can you go though the complete projct and tell me if i have the right idea here or not. see i have given the idea from a pov of live data stream, dont mind me saying some job running in bg this engine etc etc


Okay osnow tell me this roadmap i m going to use in the interview:

OKay so sir see, first of all lets start with how live data will come and how it will pass thourgh each layer and what all processing it shuold do. okay. So first of all we need to have all the assets, the list of measurments, the topology/relatinship bw diff assets etc already formed. now for my project i wanted to show authenticity so i took the data from lbnl us laboratory which had curated data for these building systems, and especially for the cases of generating faults. See intially i thought of simulating my own data, but i fighured it wll be just some rando data and i will train my models on some random data generated by me and trained on the same things, so it will be redudnant so i wanted to experiment my system built over some real data, so i picked this lab data published open source. SO i took the data and around one complete day went to analyse the data, and forming the connections bw diff assets, whofeeds what etc. so i also got a tutle fil which is nothing but a graphical rpersenattion of the complete asset/sesnors metadata which speciallfy stores the relations in the form of graph and have the data of which sensor is part of which asset and which asset feeds which sset which will be used for root cause analysis to know exatcly which sesnro faulted. now after prepaig all this, i focussed on the main engine. NOw see for every measurement_value you get for the sensors/assets in the db, it will be stored in timeseries data, and it will first of all pass though a quality deciding engine ie for each datapoint we have defined quality for the value we got for th snesor, and this quality is decided based on 5 params that timelness, pausiility, cometeness, etc etc. See this quality works like a gate for the.Now after genratinng quality for a datapoint for any sensor we check the mode in which the sesnsor is, as the next part ie rules are defines based on these modes. apply a few rules on the equipments based on diff modes, now see these rules are reserached by me on web, like i got to know about some prefessional rules which are applied on these systems like the APAR rules on the HVAC, etc so i intend to frst chekc the quality of the points, if they seems informative enugh and pass a quality check then they goes into this rule engine which check them against the rules and decided whether the sensor/asset is faultingh or not. if its aulting we just generate some sensor advsiories for such faults and from this comete thing we got a complete idea of the open fault sensors. Basicallly the rules engine is being used to generate the open fault sensors only which will be used in the RCA. which we will use later on. Now during the setup we had already defined a few faults on a few assets, these faults are famous/industry recognised faults, like on AHU, CHIller, etc. ANd for each such fault, we have an indicator which is nothing but a fomrulae involivng a few sensor's readings. Now see in behind the scenses whwenever a new measurmeent comes in, another table called residuals keep on filling in. now this is a timeseries data. see we have few formulaes we wrote to use to judge the fault. idk how we came up with these formuales, but we did, and we train a model for these residual expressions i formulse on healthy data presumably 21 days of helathy data. and then using these models we get a baseline which is nothing but the timeserieds values of these expressions using that trained models, this forms our healthy baseline for each of these expressoins, see this is running say every 5 mins, and every 5 mins we calculate this baseline ie expected value for the expression and then calcualte residual which is nothing but the deviation of the observed/actual values of these exprssions from the calculated for each timesmto against its baseline value, now ie healthy value interpolated from the trained data. idk what is normalised residual and then this resdiuals is stored in timseries format in hypertable. Now we have some pre defined failure modes for some assets, in which we defin an indicator which is nothing but an expresison refering either the measurmeent dstaponts directly or the created residuals in the last step. and these indicators are also stored in timeseries format for each timestamp after calcualitng the expression values. we calcualte the health index for diff assets using their possible failure modes. what we do is for all the failure modes we loop though them all, pick their indicator values, aggregate them over the day, say a job running daily, not yet but shuold do in live scenario, and after calculating daily median over the indictar's data, we calculate a CUSUM onset on these indicators vs the commisioning mean/sigma, liek we have a running total which keep on increasing everyday any median indicator value falls away from its healthy value, e caculated from the median of the healthy value in the redisuals table, and the toal is increased for the amount the value deviates frm the mean of that day plus some wiggle room, and when this values crosses a thrshold of wiggle times 5, see we maintain 2 dates here the onset dat ewhen we start calcuakting this running total which can become zero once the indicaor data starts lowering to its baseline value, and the date when the running total croses the theshold of max wiggle. now this onset date is the date when the issue started. and we assign a health score to the asset for this failure mode based on the mode's indicator's CUSUM onset which is nothing but the deviation of it from the thrshold ie the more its away from the theshold the more the health adn vice versa health = 100 × (1 − excess ÷ threshold). this threshold is set by industry experts int for each assets itself. basically we calcualted a health score and got an onset date for the failure mode on the asset. alo one thing i didnt menotined after calcukting the raw indicators we first center them using mean comisoisng values, then apples isotonoic regression over it, this id done for only the indicators crossing that wiggle threshold, and then using this for the day we calculae that health indicator for this failure mode for the connected asset. now using this set of of monotonic indicator values we can interpolate them to see when they cross the actual theshold set by the industr experts and calculayte the probability after this interplation of p10, p50, p90, idk what tis prob is for, but yeah this signfies the passimistic, probable, and optimistic date for the failure of the asset. Now before going to publish this rul, the script first checks for some basic things like if there is any onset date, if the range given from onset to failure isnt greater than the days the residual model was tained on, etc etc. and after having this gate, it publishes the rul. now we got the prediction of when the device is going to be broke, but notice we nowhere used that apar rules, etc that we created as a gate. now we have some work for them. see we got which asset is in which failure mode, and we got the indictaos which tells us whch cobination of snesors are faulting. now we know ther is a proper topology for assets, some parts of asset feeds some other parts of pther assets and the failure mode occurance of one asset might not be the failure of the equipment itself, it can be somehitng coming from upstream is already faulted. so to get the root cause of the failure we use that open fault assets upstream which was created using the rules that apar rules etc. and get all the upstream assets which are also ffaulting. now see first we see all the combinatino sof sensors used in the indicators and the faulting asset's rules expressions or residual contraints of the faulty assets, and we get multiple combination of sensor values which are deviating from healthy. now we loop thorugh each sensor value trying to add some drift into resp sensor and checking if introducing a drift in any sensor fixes all the expressions in one go or not, basicaylly after applying drift check the indicator for the falure mode and the apar rules, and if everything gets fixed, back to healthy area, it means sensor drifts and we got the root, but if not then we need to use that open fault upstream assets list and the mechanism the upstream assets feeds to the downstream assets to know which is the top level sensor/component/asset which if degraded can fauult the downstream assets in failure mode, but idk how we calculate this ie how we calculate the root asset from the topology and mechanism, and where in code we did it. how exacly we did it? now after getting the root cause we calculate the repair vs replacement cost. we intially populated a library of prces for diff things, like the power rate, labour cost, etc and for indivudal assets and their parts which are also assets replaceet csot, labout cost to replace, power consuming per unit. and using these we calculate the repair cost vs the replacement cost, the repar cost is calcualted using these labout charges ig, idk really, and then rpelaceent cost is calcuted for 2 times, one inaction now vs end of it, whch is inactno now is just calcutin its watse of energy for the asset till its rul is completed + rpelacement cost, the cos of acting is the repair cost, whic idk how is calculetd. no all this, health score, rul, failure mode, repairvs replacement cost, rca all combines into tone advisory and get published. also advsiories get pubushed for both the upstream asset as well as for the root casuee asset as well, but if root vcause is found doin the stream the ipstream asset advisry get suppresed below, not removed. so this is the ocmplete story!!! 
Tell me if the story i recited here is corect or not. fix all the things which i told wrong right now, then will ask clarfying quetsions. also clear the things i dont knew in between.
